(in the rotunda, on either side of the staircase opening) Welcome to Upwards |   | WASD to move, mouse to look, Esc to quit
Hi there! You're in a tall stone tower. We're gonna be climbing to the top.
Don't worry - I'll tell you a story along the way to try and keep it fresh.
So hang in there! And remember, you always have a choice.
Our story begins with a young girl in her late teens. We'll call her Claire.
Claire lived a happy life.
She did well in school, had kind parents and good friends.
In middle school, she won the statewide spelling bee.
There was even a story that she had saved a kitten from being run over by a car.
Suffice to say that she was beloved, the shining star of her community.
Claire lived a happy life.
At least it seemed that way.
Underneath her gleaming personality, Claire was troubled.
She had dark thoughts.
She imagined herself hurting people. Hurting animals.
Hurting herself.
Claire told herself that she was more than these thoughts, but they didn't stop.
Lying awake at night, she would envision her own death over and over.
She didn't want to die, but the fantasies made her feel strangely comforted.
As she grew, so did the intrusiveness of Claire's thoughts.
Without warning, she would burst into tears, or raucous laughter.
Her parents became worried.
Her friends didn't call as often.
Her grades began to slip.
And then, she started sleepwalking.
At first, she didn't even realize she was doing it.
She would wake up with mud on her feet, or sitting on the front porch.
However, little by little, Claire began to retain the memory of her walks.
She wished that she hadn't.
Each night, like clockwork, her body would jerk awake and make its way outside.
Claire, terrified, could do nothing but watch as her body shambled around the neighborhood of its own accord.
Night after night, this would happen.
Claire's anxiety grew, and the stress became unbearable.
Then, during one of Claire's nightly kidnappings, she found herself at the base of the clocktower.
Trapped within her mind, she watched in horror as her body began climbing.
She struggled desperately to regain control of her body.
She screamed from within her mind, but no sound escaped.
And her body continued to climb.
Step after step.
Floor after floor.
Until finally, she reached the top of the tower.